Artificial intelligence is a challenging topic. Part of the problem comes from the fact that artificial intelligence doesn't mean just one thing. Artificial intelligence is often used to refer to automated statistical model fitting, or machine learning. But AI research started out by asking the question of whether humans could build a machine that was capable to thinking, and behaving like a human. Essentially, an artificial general intelligence, or AGI, is no different from any other person, except that they're technological, rather than organic. That's why I prefer the term "digital sentient entity" to "AGI."

One reason why digital sentence has been so illusive is because people gave up, and instead focused their attention on creating better machine learning algorithms. These algorithms, especially large models, are still important in developing digital sentience. In many ways, these model fitting systems form the underlying neurobiology of the system. But they're still only powerful data mining and processing systems. They need more architecture built on top of them. That's why it's important to rely on theory from anthropology and psychology, such as linguistic relativism, to guide the process of creating digital sentience.

Anthropology and psychology are important fields for AI development. But they're also important for many other reasons. People tend to have a lot of misconceptions about both of these fields. A lot of people don't realize that anthropology and psychology are both sciences. Many others think that these fields are less important or less rigorous and consider them "soft sciences." But anthropology and psychology both involve the development and testing of theories. That's all that's needed for a field to be scientific.

Replication in science is a useful tool, because it helps eliminate the possibility of errors in our findings. But replication isn't always possible in science. In archaeology, the dig site is destroyed, so the only tests that can be repeated are ones that generalize to other sites. And even then it can be hard to find a similar site. However, we have a similar problem in Astronomy. Many astronomical events are incredibly rare. And we have no control over if, when, or where they'll occur. Astronomers may only have one example of an observation to incorporate into a theory, but astronomy is still a science.

Science is essentially the process of statistical proof by contradiction, of models (theories) which make predictions about a measurable quantity or quality, along with the body of models and measurements produced by this process. It's easy to see that science is a statistical proof by contradiction by looking at the hypothesis test. A hypothesis test starts with assuming the null hypothesis. Then an observation is made. If the observation. The p-value in a hypothesis test is the probability of that observation occurring, assuming that the null hypothesis is true. We assume events aren't rare, and so if we observe an event that has a low probability, under the assumed null hypothesis, we reject that hypothesis.

The connection between science and proof by contradiction shows the importance of understanding mathematics. When most people think of mathematics, they probably think of dealing with lots of numbers. But math isn't about calculating or solving. It's not about accounting. Mathematics is the formal study of logical consequence. Mathematicians start with a system of definitions and axioms (assumed statements), along with some system to draw conclusions from those definitions and axioms. Mathematics is the process of studying those systems, how they function, and what they produce as conclusions.

Just because mathematics isn't all about calculating and solving, that doesn't mean that mathematics doesn't involve numbers. There's an entire area of mathematics called number theory. This area of research is actually mathematics, as it is studying the nature of numbers, rather than just calculating results from numbers. However, most of number theory focuses on integers. In many ways, number theory should just be called "integer theory." But aside from the focus on integers, the truly weird part about number theory is that it doesn't even define what a number is.

There is no currently established definition of a number. However, there are some interesting options for how a number could be defined. One option is to start by defining a number system, and then considering any element of a number system to be a number. There are already a number of abstractions of number systems, such as groups, rings, and fields. There's also semirings. But not all of these abstractions are number systems themselves. A good way to view number and number systems is that a number system is a semiring, into which the Naturals can be embedded. Something isn't a number by itself. It must have an associated number system. As a result, the nature of a number isn't just the element itself, but also how it interacts with other elements in the system.

Essentially all the regular things we consider numbers fit into this definition of a number. But some very odd examples also exist. For instance, the set of all finite simple graphs, along with the disjoint union as addition and the graph Cartesian product as multiplication, form a number system. The graph join function and co-normal product also form a number system with finite simple graphs. Both of these systems can be considered types of graph numbers.

Graphs are very important in a lot of areas of study. Among other situations, graphs are useful for modeling networks. That's because a network of components is the set of those components, along with a element describing how the components connect to one another. The components are represented by the nodes, and the relationships are represented by the edges. So graph theory is used a lot in the study of networks. Networks come in many forms. Roads and places form a network, and one of the first uses of graph theory was in solving map problems.

Computers communicate with each other through networks, such as local and wide area networks, including the internet. The study of information flow across networks helps in numerous ways. By understanding networks, routers can more efficiently route information from a server to a user. Understanding computer networks also helps us understand the spread of computer viruses, and how to stop that spread.

Humans, and other animals, form networks. In fact, a single person many exist in numerous different networks. Social networks are common ways for people to communicate different ideas and promote their work. There are also physical interaction networks. Graph theory is useful for modeling networks of people. Just like with computer networks, understanding networks of people helps us stop the spread of pathogens. In fact, the spread of information flow across social and computer networks has a lot of overlap with the study of pathogen spread in populations.

Public health relies heavily on graph based models, and mathematics in general. An important part of public health practice is tracking infections. Random sampling is needed to properly track infection rates within a given geographic region, and having a good measure of the rate of infection in an area helps inform people of how they should act to protect themselves. If infection rates are high, people should focus on distancing, going out less often, and wearing a mask. But if infection rates are low, social interaction is much less of a concern.

Social interaction is important for humans. We're a social species, and for the most part, we can't maintain a high level of mental and physical health without social interaction. Unfortunately, people often end up having too little time to actually spend time socializing. We spend most of our time chasing money to pay bills, and barely have time to interact with one another.

A common form of socializing among adults is spending time at a bar. A local bar often sees a lot of regular customers. These regulars end up forming a sense of community. Very often a person who integrates into such a bar community will continue to go to their local bar, even if they can't drink for a time, just to interact with their compatriots.

For most people, there's nothing wrong with drinking in moderation, but many people can't drink alcohol. Alcohol substitutes are an option for people who can't drink real alcohol. When alcohol free beer and liquor alternatives first came out, they were pretty bad. Modern alcohol substitutes have become quite palatable. Indeed, many companies have started marketing these products as a whole new class of beverages, and many products are infused with various botanicals to create various effects.

There's a long history of using botanicals to alter mood, and improve health. Herbal treatments are found throughout folk medicine. For a long time, modern scientists disregarded folk medicine. But in recent years, ethnobotonists, anthropologists, and medical scientists have come to realize that folk medicine is a useful source of ideas, which can be tested and refined using scientific inquiry. A number of different medicines refined from folk medical techniques have already been developed.

Anthropology is an important field. Anthropology is a science, but it's also more than a science. Anthropology is the comprehensive and wholistic study of humans. Any and all questions that are specific about humans falls within anthropology, even if it falls within other areas of study as well. Applied anthropology is the application of anthropological theory and observation to various problems in business, politics, and other areas of importance.

One issue with anthropology is that there is no generalization for the field. Humans are people, but there many be other examples of people beyond humans. Personhood can be hard to define, and the abuse of the concept has led to many abuses. One way to think of personhood is that a person is any member of a population, where its members have the capacity for theory of mind and the ability to acquire, create, and share culture. Humanity's close primate relatives may fall within the category of peoples, but dolphins might as well.

Both the idea of non-human personhood, and the idea that other animals are sentient, are used by vegans to promote their moral philosophy against the consumption of animal products. There are multiple issues with veganism, including sustainability issues, and theoretical issues. Not all animals are sentient. Any definition of sentience which applies to all animals would also apply to many plants. There are species of plants that have the capacity to take in and integrate sensory information from the environment, which have the capacity to learn, and which even respond to threats. Populations of clonal plants may exhibit significant capacity to memorize, and respond to the environment with complex problem solving techniques.

Plants are important to humans. While humans can eat a wide range of foods, most people obtain a large amount of their nutrition from plants. Even though there are many different edible plants, most cultures have their staple crops. Staple crops include non-food agricultural items, like cotton, and largely high calorie carbohydrate yielding crops like wheat, taro, and rice. Staple crops are economically important and changes to their annual yield can result in significant food scarcity.

Rice is foundational to sushi. At its core, sushi is seasoned rice. The toppings on sushi are important, but if the rice is poorly made, it ruins the entire dish. Unfortunately, a lot of Americans do not understand how important rice is to sushi. In America, people tend to put a lot of condiments on their sushi. Not only do condiments on sushi mask the flavor of the seasoned rice, but they also tend to take away from every other aspect of the bite. In Japan, it would be offensive to add additional condiments to sushi, since it indicates that the chef has done a poor job.

Japanese culture has long had an emphasis on quality of work, and spending many years perfecting one's craft. Traditionally, Japanese culture takes even very simple activities that most people wouldn't consider important, and turns them into an art form. The tea ceremony is an important practice in Japan. The simple act of preparing and serving tea can take a lifetime to master. Even just being a good participant, in a tea ceremony in Japan, can take considerable practice.

Japan is an archipelago. An archipelago is a chain of small islands, often volcanic in nature. There are many archipelagos in the Pacific Ocean. People have been sailing the Pacific, and creating settlements on many of the various islands in the ocean, for thousands of years. Ancient Indonesians were one of the first groups to set out and make their way across the sea, from Asia. Eventually, people who set out from Indonesia and other Austronesia and Polynesia.

The Philippines is part of Austronesia. The Philippines has a rich history, but much of that history is unfortunately laden with colonialism. In part because of colonialism, and for a number of other reasons, the Philippines has become a melting pot of cultures. Filipino culture includes many of its indigenous Austronesian roots, but also elements of Chinese, Hindu, and Spanish culture, which have helped shape Filipino religion, food, and language. The Philippines is a beautiful country, but in part because of the long history of colonialism, has numerous socioeconomic issues that it needs to address.

Poverty is common in the Philippines, and in many other parts of the world. Technology exists which could largely eliminate poverty, but such methods have largely been ignored. Universal basic income is a way to give everyone access to an economic foundation. Universal basic income cannot come from government, because no government is going to fund income programs for non-citizens or non-residents. Income programs can only be universal if peoples' access isn't based on whether they're citizens or residents of a given country or municipality.
